Clémence Pépin,
hiking lover.
Come wander around
Mont-Saint-Pierre.
In Mont-Saint-Pierre,
we're pretty spoiled
in terms of geology.
I didn't expect to discover
such beautiful scenery.
There are mountains that
you'd never have expected.
You've got the sea, the valley.
There's the hinterland, too.
Trails everywhere.
There's the Sentier des Côtes,
the Sentier de la Rivière.
This here is the Sentier du Delta.
Everything is close -
you can park downhill.
You go up, not even
two kilometres.
It's one of the most beautiful
marked trails.
There's no erosion,
no steep slopes.
They built some stairs,
including one to reach
the cross.
But still, the climb
is not to be underestimated!
And then, at the top,
there's a surprising vista.
Two gorgeous valleys
on either side.
It's really lovely,
majestic even.
If you're lucky,
you can see hang gliders
or paragliders just
launching into the air.
It's exquisite, like something out of a dream.
So, when people come to visit,
I take them here.
I'll let you see for yourself!